Peter alright hello everybody welcome to
the July 1st J escort up teen sync
weekly we are short-handed today as
everybody is traveling back from ipfs
camp they can't went really well if you
want to keep up to date with that go
ahead and hit up the ipfs camp repo or
the ipfs All Hands from today once that
get posted it'll have a recap there from
the beads so you can check that out
we'll just go through this real quick
because we only have a few people today
I will kick things off so yeah last week
for me was pretty much all ipfs camp
prep and then actually attending ipfs
camp that went good got a lot of lessons
learned from the lip EDP chat workshop
so I think what I'm gonna try to do over
the next couple of weeks is to cut that
workshop up onto a video series to post
on the PL YouTube channel so that we
have so people can go ahead and follow
along there I'll also be posting slides
and all the speaker content shortly
hopefully this week as well so people
can can read through that and follow
along yeah this week got a lot of
thoughts on the p2p that I'm gonna work
on getting written down this week I was
just thinking a lot about like this
service registry and stuff like that for
jlpt be that I've been thinking about
over the last couple weeks so I'm gonna
work on getting that written down and
some thoughts on connection management
as well and then I think we have q3 q4
stuff due soon or at q3 ok I was just
you in so start waiting on that with
Raul and Mike and then this week I want
to work on WebRTC stuff so work on
getting that transport into JSI PFS and
then I think there's an outstanding
issue there for exceeding like the 64
kilobyte issue I think that's in Chrome
so see what we can do there to mitigate
that issue other than that I think
that's it any questions for me
oh all right over the Vasco hello so
yeah I moved to Berlin I basically
arrived yesterday and so last week I
didn't have that much time with all the
preparations to moving as well as this
week I'm still with some stuff to move
around here but so last week I finished
the first into a first version of the
Reaper visor tht I made a couple of
yards went for Jessica fest and went for
the Jessica Fez pizza for them to be
finished at least finished and working
the same way as go currently as which is
they have three different strategies of
doing the provide for now I only have
the default one and the other ones I'm
this is written in the PR but basically
there is an another PR from dark for
integrating the ripple cleaning which as
some stuff regarding the blocks which I
would like to use as well in order to
not duplicate the code and so I will
wait for a spear to be merged and then
grab is utilities to use in my peers
other than that I fixed test filing in
Jessup FS so for this week I will try to
get some stuff for the lipids be okay
are planning's I was waiting for the
Shane safe guys to do the fall back for
flood sub when appear tries to connect
via gossips up and the other period is
not supported but as they have not been
responding for a while I think I will
probably just implement it as I already
discussed with them the implementation
it's pretty simple so maybe this week I
will implement it if they don't say
anything then with that ironwork danger
updates for a hybrid pub sub Network and
then I can also integrate those tests in
my current PR
between syrup and yeah it will be
basically that's any questions um do we
want to move pops up out of experimental
config for that in my PR for just sleep
it be I think I removed it but okay calm
but now I'm not sure if we should do it
or not because foots that was
experimental and I don't know if we can
if we just change the default to gossip
so and make it to not experimental or if
we should start by continuing
experimental but just moving the default
I know what's your opinion I think it
might be good to just move it out of
experimental I people have been using it
and we haven't had too too big of an
issue and I think we'll get more more
usage if we pull it out of experimental
and just make it configurable I think
it's been fairly reliable so far so
maybe we'll have some bugs but I don't
think it's critical enough to to stop
there maybe something I'll look at doing
too is getting the message signed
verification done this week so we can
roll that out together because I know we
are signing message but we're not doing
that like strict verification so maybe
let's plan on doing that before we so
that we can move it out of experimental
but other than that I think it's fine
yeah yeah I agree and if we do that as
my PR I basically put the pops up the
same way as we do for the the DHD there
is we put in the config pub/sub property
and then choose the implementation that
we want to use and so it's it's you have
to configure the same way and it's not
experimental so I think it's good to
remove it yeah cool I will take that as
an action item to add the verification
this week any
questions for Bochco all right Molly is
there anything that you wanted to do or
just hanging out I'm just hanging out in
this train dialing into calls saying
hello I don't think I have a whole lot
to contribute though I do have kind of
follow-ups from a ipfs team week that we
had gathering right before ipfs camp
that need to be need to be sent out but
that'll that'll be hopefully coming in
the next day or two if a fine time
between all of the other follow-ups
awesome sounds good all right well that
is for everybody so I think we will
pause there but next week we should
hopefully have mostly a full crew I
don't believe there are any holidays
that I'm aware of
so yeah all right everybody have a good
week and we will see you next time right